It's okay if you want peanuts
Get the prescription in exchange
You, mother-in-law, you
Something big happened to their family again
Do you still remember the prescription?
The trouble was caused by themselves
I'm an old woman
What can I help you with?
Besides, he is my son
I want a recipe from him
what happened again
When a black-hearted person makes money
You left your parents aside
have you asked
Something's wrong now
It comes in handy
Come close to me with a stern look on your face
My son has never
Never thought about it that way
If you say you won’t give it, you won’t give it.
Don't even think about it
San'er
You go back first
I have something to tell your mother
loser
No matter what
She is also your biological son and granddaughter.
They encountered such a big difficulty
How can we not help?
Being able to look at my own granddaughter
Go to jail
This peanut
It's a precious thing
You gave it to the third child
When will he give the money?
What if I don’t want to give you money?
You let this big family
Drink the northwest wind
San'er and his family
He is not such a person
All in all, it’s all divided.
You are not allowed to have any ideas about them anymore
Why?
He came from my belly
jumped out
I can't handle him yet
Your mother back then
That's how you handle it
I'm so good at it too
grandpa
Don't be angry. I'm here to persuade you.
It’s not that I haven’t finished talking yet.
Start to open, start to open
Damn, don't be angry
You're so frivolous
You thought I would listen to you
Milk
we want
This garlic peanut recipe
There are many ways
We don't need it either
Asking for it in person
Moreover
That girl Lian Man'er
So many thoughts
We can't go hard with her
What do you think we should do?
There is a way
that is
If you have something to say, say it quickly
Don't dawdle, dawdle, dawdle
Milk
come here
Man'er
Your mother agreed
Actually agreed
Give us the market price
ten cents per catty
Pay it back after making money
By the way, your breasts
I'm afraid we won't be able to make it
Send your second uncle to come over and help.
Dad, I have enough manpower.
What
fine
I just said we have enough people.
No need to trouble you
Look, look at this child
Just be polite to me
Multiple people, multiple efforts
Your second uncle, I am already very capable.
Come on, hurry up
Bring up all that basket
Come on come on
Is there any basket?
No more, no more
Come on, come on, second uncle
Come on, come on
Third brother, come forward
You pull me here
Man'er, put it behind you and push it.
right
Walk
Can you resist me?
Forget it, let me go
You've gone too far, Second Auntie
Miss Maner, this money
How about we come out?
In case she is really in danger
inappropriate
So much money to pay now
will be suspected
The overall situation is the most important thing
The fifteenth of this month
The troupe will go to the Song Mansion to sing in the hall
We can use this to enter the Song Mansion
steal books
There will be too many people at that time
Easy to get started
is a good time
How did you convince jade to be inlaid with gold?
Went to the Song Mansion singing hall
Let’s listen to the play while Song’s parents are here
I will call this person
Recommended to Jade Inlay Gold
I wanted to do it in front of the two of them
contributed to this
Unexpectedly, I haven’t spoken yet
That leader Jade actually took the initiative to mention
And in a few words
He persuaded Song’s parents to follow him
A date has been set for the singing hall
But think about it
Not surprising
She is a money-loving person
Whenever there is a chance
Can make money from rich people
How could she let it go?
Actually followed us
I thought of going together
One more thing
that day
Song's parents and easy-going people met here
i secretly heard
they are discussing
The future of the church meeting
We also need to transport a batch of salt
It must have been prompted by superiors
No matter what
Must succeed this time
good
Almost almost
Dad, why are you here?
grandfather
It's enough for us to be here
You go back to your house and have a rest.
One hundred taels of silver will be paid for ten days
A whole hundred taels
I think about it in my heart
So anxious
By selling these peanuts
Can this be put together?
There is no other way now
We can only make more and sell more
How about I find your elder brother?
See if he has any connections
help you
Don't bother uncle.
Let's find some more
How to sell peanuts
Of course I can earn enough with this money.
second wife
You didn't pick this one
The one I picked doesn’t work.
You're so moldy like this
OK OK
You can't put this in there
As deflated as this
like these things
It's not a choice
What's for sale
Have to pick carefully
if not
It doesn't sell for the price
father
I'm working
Always clumsy
Such delicate work
I don't know much
you like this you
You come
you pick
I'm going to help Man'er
let me help you
Look, it's weird
fine
Second aunt
Come and help
It won't delay the work at home, right?
Don't let grandma scold you in the end
Won't
Your milk has already said it
As long as I come to help
She gave me stewed chicken
Man'er
Your garlic peanuts are so delicious
What did you do?
Has exclusive formula
What recipe?
I can't tell you that
Second aunt
Bring me the candy
good
Come on
How much to put
you say
So many ingredients
Can you remember it all?
Sometimes I really can’t remember
right
But I wrote it down
There is a recipe for this
Then your prescription is so valuable?
You have to put it away
Don't let anyone steal it
Don't worry, Second Auntie
Just put that recipe
On the left hand side of my house
The third cabinet on the second floor
No one can steal it
Yeah
Just put it away
no
Found it again
is not
Why is the cabinet door open?
Fortunately, I'm on the second floor
The baby I left is still there
Second floor
Found it
Garlic Peanut Recipe
I'm so smart
Your second aunt
I really stole that fake recipe
That's not the case
Fortunately, I saw through it
her little tricks
Used tricks to change pillars
He showed her another way
otherwise
My second aunt
Received the task of my breast
Still unable to steal it
I feel so sad for her
This is not afraid of thieves
I'm afraid that thieves will miss me
A fake recipe
Even if sold
Nothing will happen
You are quite clever
This is called wisdom
Be a good person
Why do you have a long mouth?
Lian Man'er
If one day I leave
Will you always think of me?
You are alone
Where are you going?
I mean if
What do I miss you for?
I want you to tease me
you left
I'll be quiet
Did I say something wrong?
Hurry up and collect the peanuts
Be careful
The weather was fine just now
Why did it suddenly start raining?
Hurry up
Quickly
Be careful with your legs
Be careful, dad
Watch out for your legs
Come
It will be sent to the restaurant tomorrow
But now these peanuts are all wet
It must be too late to make it
These restaurants
It's the first time to cooperate
If it cannot be delivered on time
Eighty percent of them won’t want it
Our peanuts
That
I want to collect one hundred taels of silver in ten days
Wouldn't it be more difficult?
That's not okay
If you can't collect one hundred taels,
Then Man'er is going to jail.
this
Okay, let me go to the restaurant first.
Convince them to wait and see for a few days
etc.
father and mother
You go and borrow some braziers
brazier
what you up to
I couldn't tell clearly for a moment
Anyway, the more the better
good
Shen Nuo went to chop some bamboo.
Go quickly, let's go
look
This is all we have left at home
Isn't there another one?
This is all broken
fine
Can do it
Come, come, come
Then slow down
Sorry to trouble you
I'll send it back to you when I get back
Slow down, it's raining
good
Man'er
Mom borrowed two more braziers
Take a walk
Xiao Qi, please slow down.
OK
daughter
father
Take advantage of this charcoal fire
Let's bake some taro
also
Why are you so hot?
Come to Xiaoqi
Eat first
Such a big potato
It's all baked
I believe so many peanuts
Can also be dried
don't worry
Come
You taste one
thank you
Come
Xiaoqi eats
Be careful not to burn it
Come
do not know either
Let's do this now
Is it too late?
Whether it's too late or not
We have all tried our best
Sister, father and mother
Brother Shen Nuo
Come and see
What's up, Xiaoqi?
Done
All done
Done, done
Shopkeeper Zhang
We follow our previous agreement
Delivered on time
Look at the quality of these peanuts
This tastes good
The shopkeeper's
All tested
Two hundred pounds hanging zero
Wait a moment, those two
I'm going to get the money
Thank you for your hard work
The shopkeeper's
Could you please hurry up a little bit?
We need money urgently
Want to go home quickly
Make another batch of peanuts
Either two
Let's rest in this room for a while.
It's going to rain outside
It's still raining
This can't be the case
Don't believe it
My old cold legs are very accurate.
If it rains
It only hurts for half a moment
But my leg has been hurting for a few days
I guess it’s raining
It has to last for a while
Wait in your room for a while.
Slow down, shopkeeper
If that's the case
It must be too late to make it
So many peanuts
If you need to collect enough one hundred taels of silver,
We have to think of something else
There's only one way left
You don't mean
Eighty taels
What we decided at the time was
One hundred and twenty taels
Today is different from the past
Who can guarantee this garlic peanut
Always hot
Is this recipe of yours genuine?
Of course it's true
why do you ask
nothing
i do
Interested in your recipe
But one hundred taels
I will never come out
Currently selling garlic peanuts
more than one
Everyone said they were the first
But why did you fall in love with it?
Where are our peanuts?
Because for now
Peanuts made at home
The most delicious
Most popular among guests
Yes, shopkeeper Zhang
our peanuts
The market is not generally good
If you don't need money urgently
We will definitely not sell it
Moreover
If you buy
Our recipe
Not only can it be sold in your own restaurant
It can also supply various food shops in the town.
It's less than half a year
This one hundred taels of silver
You can earn it back
Shopkeeper Zhang
This opportunity can't be missed
Time will never come again
That's true
But as a store owner
You have to consider all kinds of risks, right?
This price really can't be any higher
In this case
Forget it
We won't bother you anymore
The shopkeeper really doesn’t want to buy it?
No hurries
They are more anxious than us
Go quickly and don't look back
Then what
Nothing more
no
You don’t want to wait for shopkeeper Zhang
Call us back again
yes
Wouldn't we be able to
Have you taken back the initiative?
You shouldn't
I used to buy things
When using this trick
Tried and proven
Why doesn't it work?
follow me
Need to book ten tables
Sir, please wait a moment
I'm going to call the shopkeeper right away.
The shopkeeper's
There's going to be a big deal
In your gourd
What kind of medicine are they selling?
After a while, you came again and the shopkeeper came.
No matter what we talk about
As long as we have a warm conversation
It's good to have a pleasant conversation
rest assured
I'm good at acting
These ten tables have quite a lot of seats.
May I ask you two?
What kind of banquet is this?
us
Have a wedding banquet
right
us
There's a wedding banquet coming up
There might even be a wedding banquet for the children.
The shopkeeper's
Do you want to make more concessions?
Shopkeeper
How can this wedding banquet be enough?
I’m watching this full-moon wine and 100-day banquet
Everything has to be put on the agenda
Otherwise
Give me your sixtieth birthday
It's all done in advance
What do you think?
Brother Bao
Why are you so good at talking?
I'm even shy
like you
A young couple who came to book a table in person
It’s really rare
Me and my baby brother
I grew up in a village
Childhood sweethearts and childhood sweethearts
Is this a marriage?
The two families have already agreed
So it’s not so particular
Right, Brother Bao?
That's natural
The shopkeeper's
So what kind of dishes do you have here?
What dish?
The shopkeeper's
The shopkeeper's fault is bad
Something big happened
I just saw it
Miss Lian and Mr. Shen
Want that recipe
After selling it, you came to the restaurant again
you heard
did not hear
roll roll roll
I'm not the shopkeeper. Listen to me.
The two of them followed
Jun came again to chat with the shopkeeper.
Very happy
Then why are you still leaving it here?
Don't hurry up yet
Find me the person
Go
I'm going to go right now
Shopkeeper Zhang
Don’t you think it’s expensive?
Why did you change your mind?
You, please stop making fun of me
I don’t think so too
Can I save a little?
You two can have some refreshments first.
I'm going to draw up a contract right now
Let's pay with one hand
hand in hand
It’s done
Thank you for your hard work, Brother Nuo.
Come on guys
Give me an old lady a review
Look at such a big restaurant
Reluctant to give money
If he doesn't give me money today,
I'm not done with him, my mother
I showed this recipe to the chef
In this garlic peanut
There must be fennel
But it’s not in your prescription.
If not, it’s fake
How can I pay you if you are fake?
Our recipes are all passed down from our ancestors.
How could it be fake
Did you read it?
You have to pay if you see it
Walk
No wonder shopkeeper Zhang asked you
Is this recipe true or false?
You have to pay if you see it
daughter
I am fifty-eight years old
kind old woman
You bully me like this
big girl
I'm still one year older than you
What are you
My girl
I told you before
Be careful of these profiteers cheating
You still don’t believe it
daughter
give money
Mom, don’t go there, Mom
I can’t live anymore, mother.
I returned to my mother by riding a crane to the west.
I don’t live anymore, grandma
Second uncle’s mother Second uncle
Why are you here?
Man'er
You came just in time
Let me tell you
This restaurant
The recipe that deceived our Lian family
And beat people
Milk
The shopkeeper's
You bully my grandma
I won't agree
I I'm not
Milk you up
Report to the official
Come
Get up, get up slowly, get up slowly
Be careful with your breasts
Our recipe is fake
But it’s true that they beat people
right
There are so many of us watching
We let him walk around without food
Walk around
Carrying around
Wait a minute
The prescription is fake
impossible
That's what I've been through
Second Auntie is on the left side of my house
The second cabinet
Taken secretly from the third drawer
You damn girl
Are you cheating on me?
Grandma Lian
In this public place
Keep making trouble
If someone from the government sees it
But it won't end well
It’s all because of these flowers.
Bad idea
I'll go back and take good care of her
I told you to listen carefully
Even if this recipe is fake
I also make trouble with you. I make trouble every day.
I made a fuss
Brother Yamen
What kind of government officer?
daughter
There is still life in our fields
Yes, there is still work to do
I'm here to make trouble
I will come to the door every day to make trouble with you
Empress, empress, come, come
what happened
No, no, no
Just
several guests
The fight started
yes
It's okay, let's go, let's go
It's okay already
Nothing happened, everything is over
fine
girl
Let's go
Gone, gone
It's all gone, it's all gone
It's okay, it's okay
It's time to eat and drink.
fine
I just couldn't bear it
It's time to eat and drink.
Inappropriate greeting Inappropriate greeting
walk you slowly
It's okay, it's okay
This matter now
Finally solved
Where is my life?
It’s considered saved.
But this recipe was sold
I have to think of other things quickly.
ways to make money
Man'er
Brother Youheng
I've been borrowing money from various places these days
Finally got enough
No
why
Just now Lian Maner
Garlic peanut recipe
sold
I have enough money
You sold the recipe
That
Can I redeem it again?
If I could
It would be better if it were faster
It's okay, look
I don't have to go to jail
It’s great that you don’t have to dig for salt.
Pay the tax tomorrow on the 15th
I'll be fine
let me tell you
My milk today
My second aunt and uncle
It's embarrassing to be in a restaurant
Lian Man'er
You want it tomorrow
I went to the Yamen to pay the money.
can you do it alone
all right
Are you alright
nothing
Just not for restaurants
Peanuts are available
I'll at least go and let you know.
Let's go
Then they wanted to make that recipe
Sold to a restaurant owner
Which recipe
This is the recipe for garlic peanuts.
But actually that recipe is fake
Fake
Tell sir not to ask for it
Worry about everything
I treat you like a girl
Not looking for money, not looking for money
A picture of you alone is enough
Poor days and rough food
Don’t talk about consistency
Miss
Your rouge is so pretty
Come, come, miss, go, go
Thank you for being so polite
The stage over there
It must be wonderful
Go over and have a look
what are you doing here
There is a meeting in the Song family
You didn't even tell me
Missed such a good business opportunity
But it’s a loss
How did you get in without an invitation?
Use peanuts
Bribed them to come in
Walk
where to
Go back quickly
Drive me away in such a hurry
what do you want to do
If I shouldn’t ask you, don’t ask.
If you don't tell me, I won't leave.
I'm coming to Song Mansion today
It's to take something very important
I can't guarantee
what happens in a while
But if you don't leave, what if something happens?
I don't have time to protect you
Walk
Go back quickly
what's the situation
Where is the accounting office?
backyard west wing
When they set up the stage before,
I've touched it
good
Be sure to get it today
As long as we get the books
You can leave as soon as possible
Jinyang County
What's wrong
fine
Everyone in the mansion is watching a show right now
Let's move faster
Good to go
Before the meeting
I saw with my own eyes that Song’s parents followed
He took the books and entered the accounting room.
When I went out, I was empty-handed.
Why can't I find it now?
Finished singing so quickly
don't worry
Wait a minute, there will be a new drama.
You must see it
Why don't you go take a look around the backyard first?
It's not too late to come back
walk walk walk
good
backyard
You won't be caught, right?
Oh my god
Do business
do not move
There is an agency
Hurry up and stop grinding
I know it's coming, it's coming
Take a look
I'll just say it's a fat sheep.
You still don’t believe it
Now we can build a big house
Third brother
What's so good about building a house?
The village is not big enough for you to live in
If you ask me, it’s better to marry your wife
Is it okay for a wife to have a big house?
Build a house
It is easier to find a wife than to build a house
marry a wife
build a big house
Build a big house and shut up.
I don’t want people outside to
heard all
Take action
eldest sister
Mi Douzi brought it
Young Master
The next drama will have to wait a while.
Gentlemen, don't be anxious first.
Let's have some tea first
we wait
Here it comes
Why so fast
so fast
Dear fellow citizens,
Let's go next
I will bring you one
The new play is called Hao Han Play
hope everyone
You can sing with us
Yes or no
Sing together
Come
The river flows eastward
The stars in the sky join the Beidou
Beidou
A bowl of wine between life and death
Come, everyone, join me
The river flows eastward
The stars in the sky join the Beidou
here we go
Take a look
Walk
eldest sister
Not as good as
Just stay in our Shengde class
It’s your Song family that I’m robbing
who